# Explanation

1. One challenge of this game was figuring out how to manage the correct letters guessed made by the player. This would make it so that if the player were to select a letter that was already correctly guessed earlier, the player would lose a heart. Initially, I was going to make a complicated function that would utilize a for loop and check if the letter was correct AND already guessed, but I later decided against it for time complexity reasons. Eventually I settled for a solution that utilized a Set. The Set would consist of all the CORRECTLY GUESSED letters. Since a set has O(1) lookup time, it was a simple check to see if the clicked letter already exists in the set.

2. Updating the position of the floating letters was a difficult problem. Having to update the position of one floating letter seemed easy enough, but doing so for multiple floating letters was the real challenge. The logic is implemented in updatePosition() in main.js. To overcome this challenge, I made use of the getElementsByClassName() function which returns an array of the floating letters. Since all floating letters share the same class name, I was able to retrieve all floating letters currently present on the DOM and move them 1 pixel to the right via a for loop. Updating the position involved getting the elements current 'left' position and incrementing it by a variable named 'speed'. This 'speed' variable essentially controls how fast all the floating letters would appear to be moving. The function updatePosition() is called every 10 milliseconds via the setInterval() function.

3. Keeping track of the player's health hearts was accomplished using an array. This array is named heartQueue to mimic a queue. Since the number of hearts is already determined, they were simply created via JS and then added to the array. The array was then reversed, which isn't a problem for a small-sized array. This decision to reverse the array was done to imitate a FIFO structure, so that every time a player made an incorrect guess, the appropriate heart on the game screen would be removed the end of the array (analagous to popping from a queue). A lost heart would change opacity to a lower value to indicate how many tries the player has remaining.
